The Mars Simulation Project can be configured by editing the 
XML files in the 'conf' subdirectory.  You can then select the "New"
option in the project menu to start a new simulation that uses the 
edited configuration.

It is recommended that you make a backup of the original configuration
file before editing it as XML errors in the file can cause the program
to fail.

The following files can be edited:

buildings.xml:	    Modify or create new buildings based on functional 
                  	components.
                  
construction.xml: 	Modify or create new construction sites for constructing
                  	settlement buildings.
               
crops.xml:        	Modify or add new crops that settlers can grow in 
                  	greenhouses.

foodProduction.xml: Modify or add food technology related processes.
           
landmarks.xml:    	Modify or add landmarks.
               
malfunctions.xml: 	Modify or create new malfunctions that can occur
                  	in the simulation.
                  
manufacturing.xml: 	Modify or create new manufacturing processes.  

meals.xml:			Modify or create new meal recipes.                  
                  
medical.xml:      	Modify or create new illnesses or treatments.

minerals.xml:     	Modify or create new mineral types.

part_packages.xml: 	Modify or create new part packages that can be used for
                  	initial settlements or resupplies from Earth.

parts.xml:        	Modify or create new parts.

people.xml:       	Modify properties related to people. May add new 
                  	names to the person name list.
                  
resources.xml:    	Modify or create new resources.

resupplies.xml:   	Modify or create settlement resupplies from Earth.
                  
settlements.xml:  	Modify or create new settlement templates an
                  	define individual settlements. May add new settlement
                  	names to the names list.
                  
simulation.xml:   	Modify simulation properties.

vehicles.xml:    	Modify or create new rovers based on components. May add
					new rover names to the names list.